---
title: Meeting Minutes 03/16/2022
date: 2022-03-16 09:00:00 -0500
author:
  name: Mateo Ortegon
  link: https://teoo.io
categories: [Logs, Meeting Minutes]
tags: [meeting, minutes]
toc: true
math: false
mermaid: false
---
**Present:** Daniel, Mateo, Devyn

**Absent:** No one

**Scribe:** Mateo

**Items:**
- [x] Went over new CI approach
- [x] Discussed approach for new UI layout
- [x] Discussed how we plan on displaying system stats (memory, cpu usage, etc) on the UI.

**A/I:**
- [ ] Figure out how to get system stats in JSON form from the API
- [ ] Complete all CRUD buttons on the UI.
- [ ] Resolve issues with CI/CD
